hunkio sexes and they're playing st.
Thomas More and we are winning 31 to six
how does it feel to be undefeated
actually really good it feels good how
long have you been playing and what do
you like best about it I've been playing
for my whole life and I like best is
playing with my friends I've been
playing my whole life and the best part
about it is being with my friends being
able to hang out with them what's your
biggest difficulty um for me right now
I'm working on my left hand I'm working
on my left hand layups why he lost how
would I feel I would be pretty
disappointed because we've been doing so
good I would be disappointed but I would
also like not being mad I will just try
our hardest next game have you ever
thought of making it on the huskers team
no me neither our boys weird um some of
them some of them are
you
these are boys from thank on Gilliam and
ask him one question who's gonna win
wider blip I got both it's gonna be
tight oh I don't white and blues gonna
win Thank alone McGill definitely I know
blue okay um he's gonna win tomorrow at
ten these are the boys from st. conquer
and there's that guy from st. Bernadette
and we're gonna ask you a few questions
how long have you been playing
basketball three years three years three
years Oh light one year do you guys let
do you enjoy playing basketball yeah I
do yeah I like it a lot yes
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious yeah
he's gonna win this game blue blue Iraq
blue blue blue blue whoo what's the
biggest difficulty I'm going off to UM
to meet the person when I'm a garden
going up for a lamp against a tall guy
having good do something with a lot of
people on you being ctk doing layups I'm
surprised you get it you didn't say
scoring
you wanna see Brooks creepy laugh
and his team just won the championship
that has been against the tooth fifth
grade teams for three years how does it
feel that your team has won awesome no
it's good I really uh the kids work hard
and I think this is their reward for
working so hard all year